{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc1\levelnfcn1\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-roman\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc1\levelnfcn1\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-roman\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc1\levelnfcn1\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-roman\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Prenatal Tracker mobile application\
\
	Prenatal Tracker Application is a easy and convenient way which helps women keep track of their monthly menstrual cycles and also keeps a record of the BBT's (basal body temperature) , progesterone levels , HCG levels and weight changes throughout the cycle.   The application generates BBT , progesterone , HCG and weight charts for cycles. The visual clue provided by graphs and the plotting helps in identifying ovulation patterns in women.\
\
	Prenatal Tracker application is aimed for women who are planning a pregnancy actively. It helps in pin-pointing the most fertile days of the cycles. The application can help in identifying ovulation patterns when used regularly over multiple cycles. The graphs can help in identifying if the woman ovulated and possibly conceived. The application can also be used by doctors to identify possible ovulation problems , pregnant and non-pregnant cycle patterns.\
\
Application features \
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx6930\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
Current Cycle Details\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx6930\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	I.	}A new current cycle can be added which has an start date of today or earlier but has not yet ended. \
{\listtext	II.	}Once created cycle days will be added till today's date automatically. Also, everyday a new cycle day will be added automatically till a new cycle is started.\
{\listtext	III.	}The interface provides a easy access to store today's data conveniently.\
{\listtext	IV.	}The user can set the details like "expected end date" , "average length" , "ovulation date" for a currently running cycle in the "CYCLE DETAILS" screen. However , the final end date will be calculated automatically only after a new cycle starts and the current cycle ends.  \
{\listtext	V.	}The user can see all the days in the cycle from start day till today in the "CALENDAR VIEW". Today's date will be identified by "pink color". Also the calendar view will show summary of the day's details.\
{\listtext	VI.	}When the user clicks on the calendar day , the day details can be added and the BBT , HCG and other details can be saved.\
{\listtext	VII.	}When the user clicks on the chart button , the user can choose from HCG , BBT , Progesterone and weight charts to be displayed.\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx6930\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Previous Cycle Details\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx6930\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	I.	}The user can also add previous cycles to the application . Also all the cycles created will be saved for future reference.\
{\listtext	II.	}All features of days, cycles , charts are available for the old cycles too.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0  \
}